[Music]
Gref responds to accusations
by the sect of having kept the
money raised for the victims of
Dana and its members as well.  Karime, I think she
denied it too, right?  I don't know if he
denied it or said it was a joke, I don't
remember, but I don't know, but they didn't take
that into account.  And the sound, well, let's see, it
turns out that suddenly a guy comes out,
eh eh eh saying that Greev didn't donate the
money for the Dana, which we raised and in
which we also participated.
A healthy society must always maintain
a critical and vigilant spirit toward
its leaders, its
institutions, and the organizations
that receive public funding. But there is a
notable difference between this
essential oversight and falling into
the demagoguery and populism that ultimately
fuel anti-politics and anti-
everything-establishment sentiment.  And I say this
because during the Valencia tragedy,
we heard several
far-right influencers coin the phrase "only
the people will save the people,"
implying that the authorities
weren't going to provide the necessary aid.  And not
only that, but they also dedicated themselves
to discrediting
prestigious organizations, such as the
Red Cross and Caitas, with hoaxes.  In those days,
countless initiatives emerged,
some certainly very valuable, others
perhaps not so much, some in good faith,
others with a more
propagandistic purpose on the part of those
promoting them.  And the debate also arose as to
whether this solidarity broadcast minute by
minute through social media was
truly solidarity or simply
content from their respective channels.
Today, what we're reporting on
SER, what our
colleague Adrián del Pozo is telling you, is that three
figures closely followed by young people on social
media from Greev, David Aliagas and Violeta
Ferrer, each raised
more than €900,000 to help
these victims, and that six months after
the Dana, these victims have not
received a single euro.  Because
in the end, distributing these amounts of
money isn't like handing out advertising at
the subway entrance.  It has to be done
well, with certain controls and all that,
who knows how to do it?  They are NGOs like the
Food Bank or the entities we
mentioned earlier.  And I insist, I'm not
criticizing spontaneous solidarity, far from it
, but rather speeches like
Greev's, who once asserted that
donations would be much better in his
hands than in those of
traditional organizations, because he would
use them for basic
necessities.  The same Greev who
boasted about having moved to Andorra to
pay less taxes, which is a very
dangerous message and could resonate
with many young people.  Well, six months
later, and beyond the speeches, you ca
n't imagine how angry I am about taxes today,
man.  If I tell you what they charged me
today, if I tell you what they charged me
today in taxes, man, eh, man, I just
don't know how to do it, okay?  But I don't
see the money I get paid, man.  I mean,
I live chill, I live calm, more or less
well.  I mean, I don't waste anything either.  It's not like I
have a Ferrari or spend all
day buying clothes, or spending all day
drinking, but I don't
save money, man.  I mean, I hardly see any
money.  That is, I save, but very
little, very little.  I mean, you say, "From the
amounts that I generate, from the amounts
that I generate to what I have," you say,
"This doesn't make sense."  And months go by
and months go by and I don't see the... Well,
you see the amounts and you say,
"Damn, but you don't see them."  quarterly,
annual and self-employed quota.  The
self-employed fee is 500 and something bucks.  Um,
well, I'm not going to say the
amounts of the other stuff, but it's [ __ ]
crazy.  A [ __ ], [ __ ], [ __ ]
madness.  It's criminal.  It hurts, man.
It hurts.  It hurts.  Just to see
these people spending it on
prostitutes, cocaine, eh, I'll give
my brother a job who doesn't
even know where the office is and that's it.
and we've normalized it, man.  I think it's
more than I think it's more than 50%,
man.  I think it's more than 50%.  I did
the math with everything I earned
last year and everything I
paid myself between the installment, the quarterly,
this, that, it doesn't make sense.  There is no
reason for you to have to
settle for that robbery.  There is no
reason.  Easy courses.  Let me
present three realities to you.  First,
the Spanish government has already distributed
more than €5 billion in aid
to Dana.  Money that comes from
where, from taxes.  That would not
exist.  Come on, if everyone
pays taxes, three figures, one
after the other, show that
taxes must be paid, that the redistribution
of wealth and aid cannot be
left to good faith,
voluntariness, whatever each person
freely decides to contribute, but neither can they be
left to crude demagoguery, even if this
demagoguery is applauded by thousands of
people.  How ridiculous.  What a
pathetic speech, really.  No, no, no, no, no.   A
pathetic speech if there ever was one.  No.
So, do you think you'll publish these
screenshots?  But let's listen to
what he said first.  Hello, Grefus.  Your
enemies now have a place where
, look at you, finally, finally in his
life he's going to have someone who's going to go along with him
.  Well, he had some
issues, he had some issues in his day.  It turns out
that with one pass they both ended up
hooked because Gun pass didn't
follow his lead, but with those three they
will follow your lead.  There are
people you can talk to
quietly.  Joan, I'll see you on that
podcast.  It's yours.  Javi, as long as
we continue with the "you" we will never end
corruption.  It is transversal and
everyone's responsibility.  The buyer and
the bought must respond
equally, and our
individual behavior should not be lukewarm toward
honesty.  A kiss, my beautiful girl.
But where are you going now with those
pieces of super chat, queen?  A kiss.  And
the extra can take you too, Joan.
The exposé so you can tell your
story 100%, huh?  And besides, come
on, the podcast must be
amazing.  That my gaja that is not the issue
of taxes is not going to be fixed by
any party, okay?  I mean, the day
a new party comes into power that hasn't
governed and changes the
tax situation, I'll never stop voting for it
again, okay?  I mean, but there's no
[ __ ] sense in me not seeing the
money I generate, that I earn, and
yet I see any guy.  There are
many times when I meet
ministers of I don't know what, deputies of I don't
know what, that I have no [ __ ] idea
who they are, they are [ __ ] random and you go
to this transfer page and
they have a salary of maybe 80,000 or 90,000
euros a year and it's like what?  Yes yes yes he
earns infinitely more than me and no and no
and he's nobody, do you understand me?  And he is
nobody and he has 90,000
110,000 € some deputies, some don't
even know Peter.  Okay, tremendous,
tremendous.  I'm going to ruin your afternoon,
sorry.  The sixth has done it again
and accused you and two
other influencers of not receiving the money donated by
people, which was 100% intended for those affected
by Dana.  I'm attaching a
link to a Google document
related to the video.  That?  You'll be able to
watch the newscasts themselves with
today's date, which is 100% accurate.  I mean, it
wasn't about accusing the YouTubers.  Finish.
The URL does not give an error.  But look, guys,
the money reached the girls and
I also went to Valencia, made a video and the
money has reached the girls.  What were their
names?  Gema and Olga, that is, 100%.
The sixth hour accuses me of not
receiving the money, eh, literally,
come on, I saw that it was because they didn't donate to
the Red Cross.  No, no, but I
chose exactly the girls' cause
because I went there, I saw the warehouse, I saw how they
distributed, we brought the product ourselves.  I
mean, I didn't donate it to any NGO or
anything, I mean, it's a crazy thing.  So that's
it, guys, don't panic.
Hey Grefusa, I'm going to screw up your T. They
just sent me something, really.  They
just sent me something, really.
You have [ __ ] balls.  I'm
stalked.  This, what is it?  Morabank,
Bank of Andorra.  It is important to send
€15,000 M Rosa.  This one yes, yes, yes.  Gref, come on,
please.  That is, Greev is going to keep the
money.  Greev will keep the money from
the donations.  It took us a while to
get everything we needed to
set up the association, which is why they hadn't
received the donation.  We are in
constant contact with Gref's team,
and the donation transfer will
arrive shortly.  We will let you know.
Oh my God of my life.
[Music]
I have